fix grammar/typos in docs/interactive (#12863)
ipython/ipython: docs/source/interactive/python-ipython-diff.rst

       ...: print $months[0];

Each of these constructs is compiled by IPython into valid python code and will

> do most of the time what you expect it will do. Let see each of these examples

Reviewer: "Let see" seems invalid too?

```suggestion
do most of the time what you expect it will do. Let's see each of these examples
```

Author: Good catch, thanks for the review. I'll update the PR with all/most of your suggestions included in a few minutes

    -------------
    ...

A single question mark before or after an object available in the current

> name-space will show help relative to this object:

Reviewer: `namespace` is a perfectly valid word in the context of computing, there's no need to change it.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namespace#:~:text=In%20computing%2C%20a%20namespace%20is,they%20can%20be%20easily%20identified.

> If you are looking for an object, the use of wildcards ``*`` in conjunction

Reviewer: I think temoval of this comma makes the sentence nonsensical? What's wrong here?

================

> When doing interactive computing it is a common need is accessing the underlying shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing interactive computing it is a common need to access the underlying shell.
```
